The world is indeed full of peril, but our lands are well guarded within the Ered Wethrin. 
What tidings do you bring to the land of Hithlum? 
What tidings do you bring, #?
Our cold and rainy land is guarded by the Ered Wethrin and the Ered Lómin. 
We came from across the sea, #.
West, west away, the round sun is falling.
Welcome to our mighty citadel of Barad Eithel! 
Many of our kinsman lay west in Aman. 
Welcome to this blessed land!
Welcome to the realms of Dor-lómin and Mithrim! 
Wine! Refreshes the body and cleanses the spirit.
It is easy to lose oneself among our folk, we Sindar and Noldor are hardy people.
Are you a friend of Fingolfin, #?
No evil of Morgoth shall enter the land of the Hithlum.
We have settled in this pleasant plain, it is ours! 
You cannot call yourself a true Elf-friend until you have tasted our wine, #.
The North is in ruins, and our people do battle with the Enemy in the lands of Lammoth.
The strength of the Elves is only growing, soon Morgoth will feel our wrath.
Fingolfin is our king, lord of the Noldor, blessed by the Valar!
Welcome to the most fair realm in all Middle-earth, #.
War calls, #. We light the way with our spears!
May the stars of Elbereth guide you!
May the winds of Manwë show you the way!
A star shines on the hour of our meeting, #.
May your horse be speedy!
May the leaves of your life tree never turn brown, #!
Ai, #!
Don't look for trouble, # - it will come to you.
Welcome to my dwelling, #.
Novaer.
Namárië.
That what should be shall be.
Our love for this land is deeper than the depths of the Sea.
We would rather cast all that we love away than submit to the will of the Dark Lord.
The time of the Elves is just beginning.
My people are strong against the tide of evil.
We ready for battle against the Dark One. 
A star rises out of the darkness.
Hail, Fingolfin, High King of the Noldor! 
Can you hear the horns calling, the tides of war!
Greetings, traveller from afar! What news do you bring to us from the lands of our brethren in the East?
Welcome to the land of Fingolfin!
One has not truly felt pain until they have crossed the frigid ices of the Helcaraxë.