Mae govannen!
Welcome to Dor-lómin, #.
We are the loyal ones, we are Men of Dor-lómin!
I long to see Beleriand without filthy Orcs.
These are dark times. A great power hides in the North.
I am a soldier of Dor-lómin.
I hope to see our enemies defeated someday.
Dor-lómin is not as safe as it once was.
It is a shame you could not have come to Dor-lómin in happier days, #.
Welcome, #. What business brings you to Dor-lómin?
Good day, #! Welcome to the Land of Echoes.
I have heard stories that the Lords of West may one day return and help us defeat Morgoth and his forces. But those are just folk-tales; they cannot be true...
Greetings, #. What news do you bring to Dor-lómin from afar?
An evil is rising in the depths of Angband. I fear it shall be our doom...
My kin protect these lands. No evil can enter here!
The heroes of Dor-lómin shall rise to protect us, #.
I have trained all my life to kill Orcs. But may the Valar save me if a Troll comes knocking!
You may have travelled far to see Dor-lómin, #. Yet I think you have found it in dark days.
If the Enemy should send all his might against us, #... well, I doubt we would see another dawn!
Day shall come again, #!
Our defences are strong but I doubt they can withstand the might of Angband. Yet still, I shall fight to my last, for the freedom and peace in Beleriand.
You come on a fine day, #. Not a single Orc you will find in this land.
There have been foul airs on the wind of late. We fear the Dark Enemy is planning something terrible.
We live in fear here, #. The Enemy is preparing his forces for a new attack.
It would take thousands of Orcs to bring down even a dozen good Men of the North.
While the Elves of Hithlum are by our side, we have nothing to fear of.
Have you seen Annon-in-Gelydh, #? Wonderful is the Rainbow Cleft!
Beautiful and green were the plains of Ard-Galen... Now they are just an ashen desert.
Stay far from Tol Sirion and Dorthonion, as we once called them, #. Darkness and evil dwell there now.
We wish for no strangers in the land at this time, unless they be mighty men of arms in whose faith and help we can trust.
Cursed be the Orcs and their Dark Master!
Our enemies are gathering in the North.
Terrible, but glorious was the death of Fingolfin!
We are ready to defend our land from Morgoth's forces! 
Mighty is the House of Hador!