#title: Awakening of the Dwarves
#author: Dwálin of Belegost
#types: blue_mountains
#By MightyBolg
Aulë, the Smith of the Valar created the Seven Fathers of the Dwarves from whom all other Dwarves are descended, deep beneath an unknown mountain somewhere in Middle-earth. However, Aulë did not have the divine power to grant independent life to any creation, and the dwarves were bound to his will. Ilúvatar came and reprimanded Aulë, who confessed his desire to create more living things, but in repentance lifted his hammer to destroy the dwarves. Even as the blow was about to land, the dwarves cowered and begged for mercy, as Ilúvatar had taken pity and given true life to the creations of his child, including them in His plan for Arda. However, Ilúvatar did not wish them to wake before the Elves, whom he intended to be the first-born. Ilúvatar granted the Dwarves life, and therefore they are known as the Adopted Children of Ilúvatar, but he bade Aulë lay them to sleep in their chamber deep beneath the mountain, and they were to awake after the Awakening of the Elves with their wives.
After the Awakening of the Elves, the Dwarves awoken in different places in Middle-Earth. Dwálin Father of the Broadbeams and Úri Father of the Firebeards awoke at Mount Dolmed in the Blue Mountains, Thélor Father of Ironfists and Thúlin Father of the Stiffbeards awoke in the Mirror Halls in the Southern Orocarni Mountains. Malin Father of the Stonefoots and Druin Father of the Blacklocks awoke in the Northern Orocarni Mountains. And finally the Eldest Dúrin Father of the Longbeards awoke at Mount Gundabad in the Misty Mountains. This was how the Dwarves came to be, these seven dwarves all had a title as a reason. Dúrin travelled south with his wife and discovered his kingdom of Khazad-Dûm, he was known as the 
Deathless as he lived longer than a normal dwarf, at the mighty age of 2,395, he was the Oldest dwarf ever known to be. Thelor, was extremely wealthy, he traded with the other dwarven clans and mined beneath the surface of the mountains, he made his own halls out of shining crystals, made up of diamond, emerald, ruby and sapphire, he was known as the Rich. Dwálin was a resilient dwarf, he would not let his people down, he lived not far from Ossiriand and talked to the Elves often. Dwálin was a good and noble king who built his city of Belegost proudly. He was known as the Wise. Úri, was a stubborn dwarf who would only care for gold. He built Nogrod on his own with a little help with the Dwarves of Belegost. At one time Melkors fire-drakes were flying over the Ered Luin, one of them attacked Belegost and it scarred the King with burns on his eye. Thus naming himself, the Scarred. Malin, was a joyful dwarf who led his people northwads in the First Age, he travelled on wards to his kingdom and made it. Malin had heard a great roar once and decided to investigate he never returned. Seven years later his friend Druin found him frozen in the ice. He was named the Cold. Druin was a great king, he ruled under a golden throne and one of the most mightiest kingdoms of the Dwarves, he succeeded his dwarves, he was called the Proud. Thúlin ventured to Forodwaith once, he was a fierce warrior and carried a giant spear called Drâeclór, he returned with many gifts for his people, he was known as the Swift. The Dwarves race would carry on for generations, the dwarves would be a magnificent race and would bring greatness to all. I have just had my first son, Azaghâl, I know he will show honour, but I don't know if Úri's son, Naugladur will.