#author:Leonard Grey
#title:Horses of Estolad
#types:gardh_boren,march_maedhros
#By Skullcatron
There was a time, where Man had no luxury of having a beast that'll carry them. 
Where the beast'll carry their burden, and help them travel distance greater than expected. 
It was tedious, and terrifying journey to try, and get to places. It was only that we, Man, discovered the unique animal. 
An animal that grandly assisted us, in what we are. In what we can do, and how it is managed. Unlike any other animals. 
This is one of the very special, and unique story that've influenced what we are. The Horses of Estolad. 
They're extremely valuable, and important. They're shining star of what we are. Our pride, and our glory. 
The horses are extremely helpful, and great for many roles. They can be designated as packmule, scouting, and simply reaching destinations. 
We cannot imagine a future where horses do not exist. Imagine all the terror, and how short our distance would've been! 
The horses are better alternative than walking, and definitely running! Being granted the right to ride a beautiful steed, is a worthy honour alone enough. 
It's funny enough. Our ancestors must've never dealt, and or heard of horses. Until the Elven King's Advice. His advice stated that we goes to certain realm. 
A certain land. Our ancestors did not halt, and delved into this brand new opportunity. They came to fertile land, that came to be known as Estolad. Then a tremendous stampede of horses came their way! 
An amazing discovery. Perhaps a source of food for them? They never knew what they were in for! They might've thought horses as animal like the deer. Only to be cooked, and eaten! 
Though they soon realized they could do something. They could tame them! We were slow. We never knew the capabilities. We've ascended our abilities. We were, and now able to understands. 
To understands why we shouldn't mercilessly hunt down every prey we see. It was valuable lesson to us, as Eestoladrim people, of today. To know that in every animals, there is a way to get them under our control. 
Learning to tame the beast, and control it. That is what it takes to become a -- True Estoladrim. 

Author's Note: We have heard that horses are not all there is to be tamed. There are stories of Elves riding mighty elks, and orcs riding dangerous, and terrifying larger wolves called Wargs. 