The world is indeed full of peril, but our coastal lands are well guarded. 
What tidings do you bring to the land of the Falathrim?
What tidings do you bring, #?
To the sea, to the sea, it's riches are ours!
We came from across the sea, #.
West, west away, the round sun is falling.
Our days are growing, and our ships beckoning the great seas.
Many of our kinsman lay west in Aman. 
Welcome to this blessed Shore!
Welcome to the havens of Eglarest and Brithombar!
Wine! Refreshes the body and cleanses the spirit.
It is easy to lose oneself among our folk, we Teleri are hardy people.
Are you a friend of the Teleri, #?
No evil of Morgoth shall enter the land of the Falas.
We have stayed in this land because of Ossë. 
The days grows warm and waves crash upon these pearly shores. 
You cannot call yourself a true Elf-friend until you have tasted our bounty from our sea, #.
The North is in ruins, and our people do battle with the Enemy in the lands of Lammoth.
The strength of the Elves is only growing, soon Morgoth will feel our wrath.
Círdan is our king, lord of the sea, blessed by Össe!
Welcome to the most fair realm in all Middle-earth, #.
Össe calls, #. We light the way!
May the stars of Elbereth guide you!
May the winds of Manwë show you the way!
A star shines on the hour of our meeting, #.
May the wind fill your sails!
May the leaves of your life tree never turn brown, #!
Ai, #!
Don't look for trouble, # - it will come to you.
Welcome to my dwelling, #.
Novaer.
Namárië.
That what should be shall be.
Our love for this land is deeper than the depths of the Sea.
We would rather cast all that we love away than submit to the will of the Dark Lord.
The time of the Elves is just beginning.
My people are arriving on these shores.
We ready for battle against the Dark One. 
A star rises out of the darkness.
Hail, Össe, brightest of the Valar!
Can you hear the white gulls calling, the sea beckons our warships!
Greetings, traveller from afar! What news do you bring to us from the lands of our brethren in the East?
Welcome to the land of Círdan the Shipwright!
One has not truly felt pain until they have crossed the frigid ices of the Helcaraxë.